content/_index.md, before:

---
# banner
banner:
  title: "A <u>B</u>eing Experiencing The <u>A</u>ffect <br> As They <u>Become</u>"
  button: "See For Your... Self"
  button_link: "/start/"
  image: "images/banner-app.png"


# brands
brands_carousel:
  enable: true
  brand_images:
  - "images/brands/01-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/02-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/04-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/03-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/05-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/06-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/04-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/02-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/01-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/06-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/05-colored.png"


# features
features:
  enable: true
  subtitle: "Essential Reads"
  title: "What You Are All About <br> Core Articles"
  description: "The Dry Dock is a thought space for discovery. <br> 
  A collection of assets that have retained progress to guide through:

  - [A Notebook of Self](/notebook-of-self)  

  - [The Purpose of Purposeful Participation](/purpose-of-purposeful-participation)

  - [Acceptance of Life (as a gift)](acceptance-of-life-as-a-gift)
  "

  features_blocks:
  - icon: "las la-user-check"
    title: '"To Thine Self Be True"'
    content: "To seek out and discover one's self is the purest virtue of individuality.
    Each and every one of us should constantly strive and continue to do so. <br>
    This path marches an infinite cycle leading to the complete and absolute loss of the bounds between self and surrounding. <br><br>
    *Before we get ahead of ourselves though*, let us focus on the process of self discovery.
    "

  - icon: "las la-eye"
    title: "The Storification of Self"
    content: "How we know who we are and what we do is not so - *well*... **known**. 
    
    - Look: With empathy for your peers and environment
    
    - Listen: Rather than distort and misdefine yourself through storification and narrative
    
    - Observe: What can you collect and put together that informs your immediate reality about who you are
    "

  - icon: "las la-user-edit"
    title: "Choosing Self & Free Will"
    content: "If Self is to be discovered, where is choice?<br>
    And what about free will?<br>
    Surely we make significant and character defining decisions throughout our lives that have to do with who we are; However:<br>

    1. The decision process as we understand it ourselves is a near complete illusion

    2. [A story we make up to tell ourselves about who we are](/storification-of-self)."


# intro_video
intro_video:   
  enable: true
  subtitle: "Short Intro Video"
  title: "Built exclusively for you"
  description: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi egestas <br> Werat viverra id et aliquet. vulputate egestas sollicitudin."
  video_url: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/dyZcRRWiuuw"
  video_thumbnail: "images/video-popup.jpg"


# how_it_works
how_it_works:   
  enable: true
  block:
  - subtitle: "Primary Speciality"
    title: "You Will Not miss Your All misunderstandings"
    description: "Protect your design vision and leave nothing up to interpretation with interaction recipes. Quickly share and access all your team members interactions by using libraries, ensuring consistency throughout the."
    image: "images/features-01.png"

  - subtitle: "Secondary Speciality"
    title: "Say hello to no-code The Advance Creation"
    description: "From the simplest of interactions to those that use Excel-gradeing formulas, ProtoPie can handle them all. Make mind-blowing of New interactions everyday without ever having to write any new code."
    image: "images/features-02.png"


# testimonials
testimonials:   
  enable: true
  subtitle: "Our Testimonials"
  title: "Don't take our word for it"
  description: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi egestas <br> Werat viverra id et aliquet. vulputate egestas sollicitudin."
  image_left: "images/testimonials-01.png"
  image_right: "images/testimonials-02.png"
  
  testimonials_quotes:
  - quote: "Lorem ipsum dolor amet, conseetur adipiscing elit. Ornare quam porta arcu congue felis volutpat. Vitae lectudbfs dolor faucibus"
    name: "David Cameron"
    designation: "CEO, Nexuspay"
    image: "images/user-img/05-i.jpg"

  - quote: "Conseetur adipiscing elit. Ornare quam porta arcu congue felis volutpat. Vitae lectudbfs pellentesque vitae dolor faucibus"
    name: "David Cameron"
    designation: "CEO, Nexuspay"
    image: "images/user-img/06-i.jpg"

  - quote: "Lorem ipsum dolor amet, conseetur adipiscing elit. Ornare quam porta arcu congue felis volutpat. Vitae lectudbfs pellentesque vitae dolor"
    name: "David Cameron"
    designation: "CEO, Nexuspay"
    image: "images/user-img/07-i.jpg"

  - quote: "Lorem ipsum dolor amet, conseetur adipiscing elit. porta arcu congue felis volutpat. Vitae lectudbfs pellentesque vitae dolor faucibus"
    name: "David Cameron"
    designation: "CEO, Nexuspay"
    image: "images/user-img/08-i.jpg"

  - quote: "Lorem ipsum dolor ame conseetur. Ornare quam porta arcu congue felis volutpat. Vitae lectudbfs pellentesque vitae dolor faucibus"
    name: "David Cameron"
    designation: "CEO, Nexuspay"
    image: "images/user-img/09-i.jpg"

  - quote: "Lorem ipsum dolor amet, conseetur adipiscing elit. Ornare quam porta arcu congue lectudbfs pellentesque vitae dolor faucibus"
    name: "David Cameron"
    designation: "CEO, Nexuspay"
    image: "images/user-img/10-i.jpg"

---

Commit message:

updated how_it_works titles, subtitles and description. TODO find / make images for each of the 3

content/_index.md, after:

---
# banner
banner:
  title: "A <u>B</u>eing Experiencing The <u>A</u>ffect <br> As They <u>Become</u>"
  button: "See For Your... Self"
  button_link: "/start/"
  image: "images/banner-app.png"


# brands
brands_carousel:
  enable: true
  brand_images:
  - "images/brands/01-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/02-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/04-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/03-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/05-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/06-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/04-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/02-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/01-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/06-colored.png"
  - "images/brands/05-colored.png"


# features
features:
  enable: true
  subtitle: "Essential Reads"
  title: "What You Are All About <br> Core Articles"
  description: "The Dry Dock is a thought space for discovery. <br> 
  A collection of assets that have retained progress to guide through:

  - [A Notebook of Self](/notebook-of-self)  

  - [The Purpose of Purposeful Participation](/purpose-of-purposeful-participation)

  - [Acceptance of Life (as a gift)](acceptance-of-life-as-a-gift)
  "

  features_blocks:
  - icon: "las la-user-check"
    title: '"To Thine Self Be True"'
    content: "To seek out and discover one's self is the purest virtue of individuality.
    Each and every one of us should constantly strive and continue to do so. <br>
    This path marches an infinite cycle leading to the complete and absolute loss of the bounds between self and surrounding. <br><br>
    *Before we get ahead of ourselves though*, let us focus on the process of self discovery.
    "

  - icon: "las la-eye"
    title: "The Storification of Self"
    content: "How we know who we are and what we do is not so - *well*... **known**. 
    
    - Look: With empathy for your peers and environment
    
    - Listen: Rather than distort and misdefine yourself through storification and narrative
    
    - Observe: What can you collect and put together that informs your immediate reality about who you are
    "

  - icon: "las la-user-edit"
    title: "Choosing Self & Free Will"
    content: "If Self is to be discovered, where is choice?<br>
    And what about free will?<br>
    Surely we make significant and character defining decisions throughout our lives that have to do with who we are; However:<br>

    1. The decision process as we understand it ourselves is a near complete illusion

    2. [A story we make up to tell ourselves about who we are](/storification-of-self)."


# intro_video
intro_video:   
  enable: true
  subtitle: "Short Intro Video"
  title: "Built exclusively for you"
  description: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi egestas <br> Werat viverra id et aliquet. vulputate egestas sollicitudin."
  video_url: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/dyZcRRWiuuw"
  video_thumbnail: "images/video-popup.jpg"


# how_it_works
how_it_works:   
  enable: true
  block:
  - subtitle: "Know Self"
    title: "The Pursuit of Discovering One's Self"
    description: "To consciously choose and set out on Self discovery is a journey of all times. The Tale of old, Folk, Nursery Rhymes and others all share such quests. Calming the fire and lava outside by calming the storm within. All of which require the hero to undergo serious acts of valor in order to put to use such an important claim to Self-knowledge."
    image: "images/features-01.png"

  - subtitle: "Be Self: Participate in Reality"
    title: "Invest in that which you wish to invest in You"
    description: "In order to receive the blessing of and hear from the Universe, one must participate in reality. In the reality they desire to invest in and be invested in."
    image: "images/features-02.png"

  - subtitle: "Thank for Self"
    title: "Each and Every Day of Conscious Life is a Gift"
    description: "Each and every morning yan, first thing shower, sunrise cigarette, or annoying alarm accompanies The Gift of Life's breadth - delivered to us daily. Receiving this with no requirements or debts and so often is a gift so valuable and so rare. Each of us on a unique commodity timer."
    image: "images/features-02.png"


# testimonials
testimonials:   
  enable: true
  subtitle: "Our Testimonials"
  title: "Don't take our word for it"
  description: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi egestas <br> Werat viverra id et aliquet. vulputate egestas sollicitudin."
  image_left: "images/testimonials-01.png"
  image_right: "images/testimonials-02.png"
  
  testimonials_quotes:
  - quote: "Lorem ipsum dolor amet, conseetur adipiscing elit. Ornare quam porta arcu congue felis volutpat. Vitae lectudbfs dolor faucibus"
    name: "David Cameron"
    designation: "CEO, Nexuspay"
    image: "images/user-img/05-i.jpg"

  - quote: "Conseetur adipiscing elit. Ornare quam porta arcu congue felis volutpat. Vitae lectudbfs pellentesque vitae dolor faucibus"
    name: "David Cameron"
    designation: "CEO, Nexuspay"
    image: "images/user-img/06-i.jpg"

  - quote: "Lorem ipsum dolor amet, conseetur adipiscing elit. Ornare quam porta arcu congue felis volutpat. Vitae lectudbfs pellentesque vitae dolor"
    name: "David Cameron"
    designation: "CEO, Nexuspay"
    image: "images/user-img/07-i.jpg"

  - quote: "Lorem ipsum dolor amet, conseetur adipiscing elit. porta arcu congue felis volutpat. Vitae lectudbfs pellentesque vitae dolor faucibus"
    name: "David Cameron"
    designation: "CEO, Nexuspay"
    image: "images/user-img/08-i.jpg"

  - quote: "Lorem ipsum dolor ame conseetur. Ornare quam porta arcu congue felis volutpat. Vitae lectudbfs pellentesque vitae dolor faucibus"
    name: "David Cameron"
    designation: "CEO, Nexuspay"
    image: "images/user-img/09-i.jpg"

  - quote: "Lorem ipsum dolor amet, conseetur adipiscing elit. Ornare quam porta arcu congue lectudbfs pellentesque vitae dolor faucibus"
    name: "David Cameron"
    designation: "CEO, Nexuspay"
    image: "images/user-img/10-i.jpg"

---
